todo.md, before:

express
passport.js
sessions
multer

--Current
- [x] complete ContactManager frontend.
- [ ] complete ContactManager backend.
- [ ] complete Authorization backend.
- [x] fix the menu button.
- [x] start applying dark mode.
- [x] complete Landing.tsx.
- [x] complete Accordian.tsx.
- [ ] fix the dark mode of ContactManager.tsx.
- [ ] apply aimation to ContactManager.tsx.
- [ ] start applying animation through react animate or other means.
- [x] apply zustand.

--Tasks
- [x] create a modal.
- [ ] complete user form.
- [ ] archive contact.
- [ ] leave and rejoin grp calls.
- [ ] One time view photo sending.
- [ ] voice message.
- [ ] pin messages.
- [ ] video message.
- [ ] music sharing.
- [ ] Read Receipts.
- [ ] message scheduling and user availability mode.
- [ ] Customizable Themes.
- [ ] Notification Customization.
- [ ] Search Functionality [messages and contacts]
- [ ] end to end encryption.
- [ ] group chats.
- [ ] group polls.
- [ ] group thread.
- [ ] group moderator.
- [ ] @mention included.
- [ ] voice call.
- [ ] video call.
- [ ] location sharing.
- [ ] reaction to messages [emoji, giphs].
- [ ] language translation.
- [ ] file [image, text, video etc] sharing.
- [ ] user profile.
- [ ] Blocking and Reporting.
- [ ] user status.
- [ ] user stories.
- [ ] user streaks.
- [ ] user camera filters.
- [ ] user live streaming.
- [ ] AI chatbot.
- [ ] AI chat assistance.
- [ ] personal chats.
- [ ] professional chats.
- [ ] broadcast.


-- Tech
- [ ] react
- [ ] prisma
- [ ] react-query
- [ ] zustand
- [ ] testing library
- [x] apply cn.
- [x] typescript
- [x] tailwind
- [ ] express
- [ ] multer
- [ ] passport
- [ ] D3.js
- [ ] data visulalization?
- [ ] animations (hooks or libraries)
- [ ] typeface.js?
- [ ] Animate On Scroll (AOS)
- [ ] parallax websites
- [ ] env-cmd
- [ ] socket.io
- [ ] zod
- [ ] Tauri
- [ ] Socket.io

-- Try
- [ ] web worker.
- [ ] Third party API
- [ ] Proxy Server Project
- [ ] web crawler.
- [ ] implement gpt in a website.
- [ ] cookies and session.
- [ ] Social Media Analytics Dashboard
- [ ] caching 
- [ ] File Sharing and Cloud Storage
- [ ] HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol)
- [ ] Session Management and Cookies
- [ ] Middleware
- [ ] Testing
- [ ] WebSockets(live chat, notifications, and real-time updates)
- [ ] API Authentication Methods
- [ ] Microservices

Commit message:

did validation both on client and server for registeration and did operations with prisma.

todo.md, after:

- commands for prisma changes.
  [1] npx prisma migrate dev - This command creates and applies migrations. It's used to propagate the changes you made in your schema to your database. If you do not provide a --name, Prisma CLI will prompt you for a name. This command also creates a ./prisma/migrations folder with your initial migration and a table named \_prisma_migrations in the database with an entry for the first migration.
  [2] npx prisma generate - This command generates Prisma Client based on your updated schema. This is necessary to ensure that the Prisma Client API is up-to-date with the latest changes in your schema.

express
passport.js
sessions
multer

include role into register.
image still gets sent.
fix the background screen on landing.tsx in dark mode.
handle serverError useState();

--Current

- [x] complete ContactManager frontend.
- [ ] complete ContactManager backend.
- [ ] complete Authorization backend.
- [x] fix the menu button.
- [x] start applying dark mode.
- [x] complete Landing.tsx.
- [x] complete Accordian.tsx.
- [ ] fix the dark mode of ContactManager.tsx.
- [ ] apply aimation to ContactManager.tsx.
- [ ] start applying animation through react animate or other means.
- [x] apply zustand.

--Tasks

- [x] create a modal.
- [ ] complete user form.
- [ ] archive contact.
- [ ] leave and rejoin grp calls.
- [ ] One time view photo sending.
- [ ] voice message.
- [ ] pin messages.
- [ ] video message.
- [ ] music sharing.
- [ ] Read Receipts.
- [ ] message scheduling and user availability mode.
- [ ] Customizable Themes.
- [ ] Notification Customization.
- [ ] Search Functionality [messages and contacts]
- [ ] end to end encryption.
- [ ] group chats.
- [ ] group polls.
- [ ] group thread.
- [ ] group moderator.
- [ ] @mention included.
- [ ] voice call.
- [ ] video call.
- [ ] location sharing.
- [ ] reaction to messages [emoji, giphs].
- [ ] language translation.
- [ ] file [image, text, video etc] sharing.
- [ ] user profile.
- [ ] Blocking and Reporting.
- [ ] user status.
- [ ] user stories.
- [ ] user streaks.
- [ ] user camera filters.
- [ ] user live streaming.
- [ ] AI chatbot.
- [ ] AI chat assistance.
- [ ] personal chats.
- [ ] professional chats.
- [ ] broadcast.

-- Tech

- [ ] react
- [ ] prisma
- [ ] react-query
- [ ] zustand
- [ ] testing library
- [x] apply cn.
- [x] typescript
- [x] tailwind
- [ ] express
- [ ] multer
- [ ] passport
- [ ] D3.js
- [ ] data visulalization?
- [ ] animations (hooks or libraries)
- [ ] typeface.js?
- [ ] Animate On Scroll (AOS)
- [ ] parallax websites
- [ ] env-cmd
- [ ] socket.io
- [ ] zod
- [ ] Tauri
- [ ] Socket.io

-- Try

- [ ] web worker.
- [ ] Third party API
- [ ] Proxy Server Project
- [ ] web crawler.
- [ ] implement gpt in a website.
- [ ] cookies and session.
- [ ] Social Media Analytics Dashboard
- [ ] caching
- [ ] File Sharing and Cloud Storage
- [ ] HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol)
- [ ] Session Management and Cookies
- [ ] Middleware
- [ ] Testing
- [ ] WebSockets(live chat, notifications, and real-time updates)
- [ ] API Authentication Methods
- [ ] Microservices
